# Traffic-Signs-Image-Classification-Using-CNN
The goal of this project is to use a picture to easily identify between various traffic signals.
In recent years, artificial intelligence (AI) has become a prominent issue in the technical industry. AI has a broad variety of applications, including autonomous or self-driving cars. Thanks to technological breakthroughs, multinational firms such as Google, Tesla, Uber, Ford, Audi, Toyota, Mercedes-Benz, and others are working on automating autos. There are several algorithms for automating autos, and much too much research is carried out on a daily basis. Before you contemplate self-driving cars, think about how they automatically detect things like other cars, persons, animals, roads, and traffic signs like turning left or right, speed restrictions, no passing of large trucks, no entering, children crossing, and so on, and take the proper action. An AI capable of distinguishing numerous items, such as different traffic signals, might be constructed. The photos of various traffic signs, which are divided into six classes: Cautions, Crossings, Direction, No Entry, and Speed Limit, are necessary for the production of this model. The act of assigning labels to images based on certain attributes or traits is referred to as "Image Classification." These traits are recognized by the algorithm, which then uses them to discriminate between photographs and assign labels to them. It is accomplished using neural networks, which are a kind of deep learning algorithm. (Menon, 2022)

We compile and build a Convolutional Neural Network.
